
The exact objective of the Data Acquisition in Construction Sites with Remote Monitoring gives process of work monitoring in any Construction Company. The construction company performs various works at various geological points. To update the day to day activities, every site supervisor requires a computer with internet connection at their sites. They also require a camera to capture the construction status. To provide all these facilities at the remote site the construction company has to spend a huge sum of money, time, and space. So to surmount this problem a new framework was proposed. Thus an Android Based Mobile Application to Monitor Works at Remote Sites” has been proposed for the betterment of the construction company. By developing this application the Construction Company can easily record their progress of various works and their day-to-day expenditures that are made at various sites. Also, the system integrates Ip cameras placed in the constitution site. Thus the construction company will get all the updates of construction without any time delay. By providing mobile applications for Site engineers, and owners(clients)the system makes easier ways to complete critical workflows, these technologies can significantly reduce delays, improve quality, and increase profits. The system aims at developing an Android based mobile application that monitors the expenditures made and works performed by the various sites of the Construction Company. The expenditures and construction work made on various sites are recorded and it can be viewed at any point of time. Using the Android based mobile application the day to day activities of the remote construction site can easily be updated to the remote database server .Also photograph and images are uploaded by site engineer .Using the entire data web api generates AI based work progress ,manpower utilization and construction work flow
